# Group 5 README.md file
This is the ReadMe file for project 1 of Group 5. The group members include Ling Liu(lili1299@colorado.edu) , Ziying Zhang(zizh8550@colorado.edu) and Lan Sang(lasa9094@colorado.edu). 

## Information about our visualizations
* We created two main visualizations: (1) A world map interactive with a bar chart and a pie chart. (2) An interactive radar chart.
* The first visualization is a world map on the right and a bar chart and a pie chart on the left. 
     * The world map uses categorical data and quantitative data: categorical data are country names obtained by participants’ IP address and the country information participants provided in Question 10 of the survey; quantitative data is the number of participants from each country (counted by IP address and Question 10 answers respectively). We also used an external data (https://github.com/jdamiani27/Data-Visualization-and-D3/blob/master/lesson4/world_countries.json) of geographical information, and changed the name of some countries to map the survey data. The map shows all the countries with information in the world_countries.json file, and colored the countries with the number of participants from IP address if there are participants from the corresponding country. When mouseovering a country, you will see a box popping out which shows the country name, the total number of participants from that country by IP address and the total number of participants from that country by self-identification. The consideration for this design is to highlight the difference between the country information obtained by IP address and participants’ self-identification, because physically being in one country does not necessarily mean belonging to that country. We think the self-identification is more reliable, though some participants chose not to answer Question 10.
     * The pie chart uses categorical data and quantitative data: categorical data are the technology level participants evaluated themselves as by answering Question 1 “I consider myself:”, and there are 4 tech level categories plus one category for those not answering this question; quantitative data are how many participants fall into each category. The color of the pie slices indicates the categorical information, and the size of the pie slices depends on the number of participants in each category. The starting visualization of the pie chart is the analysis of the whole country. When you mouseover countries in the map, the pie chart will visualize the information for the corresponding countries. We design the interaction between the map and the pie chart  to facilitate people exploring conditions in different countries.
     * The visualization below the pie chart is a bar chart. It also uses categorical data and quantitative data: categorical data is the languages uses; quantitative data is the number of participants using each language. The color of the bar are different for each language, and the height of the bar corresponds to the number of participants using the corresponding language. When you mouseover each bar, the bar will be highlighted and the number of participants shows up on top of the corresponding bar. The bar chart also interacts with the map in the same way as the pie chart. We decided to visualize this information because we found that though the survey claims to represent the whole world, it was only available in 6 Indo-European languages (English, French, Germain, Italian, Portuguese(Brazil) and Spanish). This limitation in language will cause the bias in the survey result: It limits the participation from countries where these languages are not used. The width of the bar is not fixed, and when fewer languages are used in a country, the bar width becomes larger. We design it this way to make it salient and draw people’s attention to the language bias. 
     
* The second visualization is a radar chart. It explores the data from Column Y to Column AH. These columns reflect how participants arrange the importance of different items when they decide to buy a new tech product, and the rank is a kind of quantitative data. When you choose one country from the dropdown list of all countries, you will see two radar charts: the left one shows the average data of each factor of the current country (yellow), with a comparison of the whole world average data (red).  The right one shows different languages users' situation in this country, the six different colors represent six different languages used by participants. This visualization clearly shows the different levels of importance for each item (Price, Security, Privacy, etc) between each country and languages. We could know what is the most important aspect people will consider when they buy a new tech product in a specific country or with a specific language background.

## Design Process

## Team Roles

## How to run our project
		
